Describe various OpenShift4 operators (#12)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/operators.adoc

> = Operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Operators and controllers
```

> An OpenShift 4 cluster comes with many operators and controllers preinstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[abstract]
An OpenShift 4 cluster comes with many operators and controllers pre-installed.
```

|* `ClusterVersion` - is the configuration for automatic updates of the cluster
|* `openshift-cluster-version`
|

|The https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/operators/operator-reference.html#dns-operator_red-hat-operators[DNS Operator] deploys and manages CoreDNS on a cluster.
|* `DNS.config.openshift.io/v1` - holds cluster-wide information about DNS
* `DNS.operator.openshift.io/v1` - manages the CoreDNS component
|* `openshift-dns-operator`
* `openshift-dns`
|

|The https://github.com/openshift/service-ca-operator[Service CA Operator] manages the serving cert signer, ConfigMap CA bundle injector and generic CA bundle injector.
|* `ServiceCA` - provides information to configure an operator to manage the service cert controllers
|* `openshift-service-ca-operator`
* `openshift-service-ca`
|

|The https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/operators/operator-reference.html#cloud-credential-operator_red-hat-operators[Cloud Credential Operator] manages cloud provider credentials on a cluster.
|* `CredentialsRequest` - request cloud credentials
|* `openshift-cloud-credential-operator`
|

> 4+|https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/architecture/control-plane.html[**Control Plane**]

Reviewer: Semantically it would be better to have the groups sections each holding a table on their own. I just tripped over this. It took me quite some time to figure, that this is a heading of some sort and not a regular table item.

|The https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/operators/operator-reference.html#openshift-apiserver-operator_red-hat-operators[OpenShift API Server Operator] installs and maintains the OpenShift API server on a cluster.
|* `APIServer` - holds configuration shared by all API servers in the system, among them especially kube-apiserver and openshift-apiserver

> * `OpenShiftAPIServer` - provides information to configure an operator to manage openshift-apiserver

Reviewer: That sounds weird but this might also be not being a native speaker.

> holds information the operator needs to manage …

or
 
> provides information to an operator managing …

This applies to all the other lines using a similar/same pattern.

Author: I just copied it from the CRD description
